# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?#
I wrote programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable in a way that takes the common practices required within the language that I am utilizing along with using best practices when it comes to programming to stay organized so to speak within the codebase. Keeping things simple, clear and concise allows a programmer to easily check off these boxes.

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Personally, I consider the client’s needs first then through testing think of other quality of life features that could enhance the project, but only after the client’s needs have been met. I read through the requirements documentation and go from there as it is kind of like a checklist for yourself and it is easy to follow. The approach I utilized this time around required more research into Dash and MongoDB as I haven’t been familiar with or used them at all. Honestly, just talking with the client is all that I would need to determine further databases with clients.

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company to do their work better?
A computer scientist job is to solve a real world problem through the development and analysis of programming and it matters because sometimes this could be a simple solution that could potentially benefit a plethora of people and an argument that the solution could be of low overheard meaning low cost thus resulting in a win-win. The work done within this project might help a company that requires them to do analysis within a database and this dashboard would help them be able to filter through the plethora of data to find the exact information regarding the data set that is needed for whatever purpose they impose.
